hey what's going on everybody I'm Noah
from phone I calm this is the Apple iPad
we're doing a bunch of reviews on the
ipad and ipad apps just came out you
know everybody's talking about it and i
found out we do a lot of phone stuff
obviously we also do other mobile tech
stuff tablets and netbooks and that kind
of thing and since you know ipad runs
iphone OS we figured yeah I wish cover
it so for watching video on the ipad
obviously there's the the videos app
from the iphone itself and you can
download videos from iTunes you can you
know load your own videos onto the
device and if you're on iTunes you can
buy movies and rent them and everything
else so i don't know let's check out the
baby mama trailer here we'll hit view
it'll load up on one Wi-Fi three dollars
to rent watch a preview 399 is out this
one anyway so here's the here's the
video player 1024 x 768 so you get HD
but it's letterboxd because it's a 43
aspect ratio not 16 9 but the video
quality looks terrific and then there's
an option if you don't want letterboxing
you can have it stretched to fill the
screen but you get part of your content
cut off up to you so you got the whole
itunes ecosystem you can use if you want
to but then there also and then you've
got youtube of course then there are
also other apps coming out that support
both free and paid video on the ipad 2
of them that i've tried out so far and
really like our netflix and ABC player
look at ABC flare first because it's
absolutely free there's been some issues
with it crashing although i've had
pretty good luck with it so far the
quality of the of the videos I've
watched two episodes of Jamie Oliver's
Food Revolution which is a really good
show i think if you haven't checked it
out the quality has been terrific so i
don't know i haven't been watching loss
this season I kind of got kind of lost
interest in lost but whatever will watch
it will look a little bit well alright
just one of us start auto-playing swish
just watch that one so the way this app
works is that when you're in
a portrait mode here you get a small
screen up top and then on the bottom you
get your menu for looking at others
other episodes you can select your
season this is the new iPad popover menu
interface which is really just like a
little pop-up menu that comes up on top
of whatever you're doing things like
select your season whatever but then you
watch your episode and so here's your
content up here in the small window but
you rotate the device into into a
widescreen or landscape mode and you get
the full you know the full frame so
again it's 720p if you know HD content
supported and it just looks great the
viewing angle is really good you
obviously there's glare you know because
of the the screen reflectivity but when
you're just watching straight on and you
know don't have a camera shining in it
you're just watching the display it's
great we watch a couple episodes that
show like I said watch one in bed watch
one on the couch in the living room with
the lights on you know whether in the
dark or with lights on it looks terrific
in bright sunlight the screen washes out
otherwise it looks really good you know
that the sound is pretty good actually a
surprise that the sound is actually
pretty good through the built-in
speakers or it's got a headphone jack so
you can you know route this into
headphones or you know stereo system or
whatever you want so here on the ABC
player you've got your little scrub bar
so you can fast forward and rewind you
can go into full screen mode again and
pause looks really great it's free
streams well over Wi-Fi and the content
is good you're not going to get you know
every ABC show that they offer on here
not every episode but what you get is
free you do have commercials it's fewer
commercials than on TV although if
you're used to a DVR and skipping
commercials you know it is kind of
annoying and you get you know those
little ads in there but it's not too bad
really I think it's a really nice app
it's working really well again I've
heard problems with it crashing but they
actually issued an update already to try
to deal with some of the crashings so
you know hopefully that'll help I
haven't had issues with crashing myself
on the other video app that I've been
using that I think is really good as
Netflix and this obviously is only going
to be good for you if your netflix
subscriber but if you are you can you
know you can manage your queue and
browse DVDs and blu-ray discs and all
that but you can also watch instantly
which is terrific so we'll just go to
watch instantly and let's check out oh I
don't even know let's check out Pink
Panther is that going to be I should let
go sixth sense because I want to get
something that is going to look cool as
you'll pop over with the description of
what's going on but we'll play it
instantly here it comes it'll authorize
I've already signed in here you know
with my account information it saves
that for you and then it just loads of
the movie up and there you go that's not
really all that long you have to wait
for it to load up not too bad you've got
your controls at the bottom your volume
control so there you go loading up
doesn't really take all that long to
load up you can watch it either in
landscape or portrait mode so this is in
portrait mode and you can letter box or
you can zoom out and then we'll turn the
screen an auto rotates and this is
really the way that you're going to want
to watch and the video quality is pretty
good it kind of depends on the source
material I was watching some 21 Jump
Street the other night I don't know if
you your old enough to know that show
remember it Johnny Depp's breakout TV
show way back when in the day and that
quality wasn't the best because you know
that's an older show and the quality of
the original content not all that great
although the outfits were spectacular
but you get something that has good
quality and it looks pretty good and
again you know it loads up quickly over
Wi-Fi you got a ton of content right
there and it's totally portable so you
can take it around does the app really
do anything that you can't do on a
laptop computer a netbook whatever you
know no not really but it works it
streams quickly the quality is good and
the user interface you know is nothing
groundbreaking or spectacular but it
works quite well and you can browse
around and that you can play things
instantly and then you can also you know
manage your queue and actually deal with
that getting DVDs and blu-rays shipped
to your house and stuff so very cool i
think netflix did a nice job i think ABC
did a nice job as well on their apps
there are obviously more entertainment
and video apps out there but those are
the two of used so far they're really
like so there you go quick look at
netflix and ABC player for ipad much
much more in the ipad / on phone a calm
and our iphone centric site that Adriana
runs today's iphone calm also if you're
watching this on youtube or on an iTunes
feet or whatever we've got other videos
up Adriana did an unboxing I've got a
full review of the device and then other
app reviews as we're going we're just
trying to give you all the content we
can because this is new and you know
we're covering this we're covering
phones were covering everything we can
we're hoping for some cool tablets
coming out this summer from other
companies Nvidia some Android tablets
you know tablet computing it's up to you
guys whether that tablet computing
catches on because the consumers
ultimately decide but whatever comes out
that seems like it's worth a look we'll
give you a look till next time I'm Noah
thanks for watching we'll see you next
time bye bye
Oh